the whirlwind rock solid Schubert for a matchday Jakarta dpa also about it
there looked from 20 o'clock
Frankfurt
the starting team back but we are already closer to these two
great
Team "We do not do that he is
he just looked right gas he has clear
the first one is right he is ticked off I stand there nothing happens
said Merkel hardly any differentiated sounds that I do not know overvalued
drawn drawn
this smallest there probably
what do you think of some in this raven stone decided that percent
we actually offer ourselves in Qatar
but the local Wirgeser noticeably Franconia especially dust on the move
I would win but also supposed protection software completely
foreclosed and with a lot of interest we see that we
he also saw the means but also saw an election
Bundesliga with Munich Platz Imhof ninth and must shoot through Hannover
with 5 0 except cancellations of the look at the table
their major project with two points ahead of 19th place in the Bayer
and Stolberg and Bluish have to master with the best chance
but we come to the second champions league place Bayern or
Stuttgart the coincidence wants is that the two also on the last match day
meet each other what a finale he was that this is not
to study
also President Barack Obama clearly flaunts
have Stuttgart wrong
Player at all Brühl
tight margin at home
0 1 against Werder loses
he generated a couple of reverse Kraus Wood 24 winked Forward Zach straight
is he to expect Harald G was why they can completely
play unloaded today too yes
Company founder he still does not hit is so much sport
Özdamar
it's a poet and I'm not living here philosophers through
be taken along by Madrid and boys
Every formally one has to get fit
Give irony Neuhaus
the top eu judges make it clear
Tag out the best movies
So first and foremost the family school again